# INTRO

Built on Google Cloud Platform (GCP), using  Dialogflow, Compute Engine, Kubernetes Engine, Terraform... 

PRO:
We created an infrastructure for a personal finance chatbot application on Google Cloud Platform using a number of tools and services.
First, we created a special place for the chatbot to live in called Google Cloud Platform. We used a tool called Terraform to create this infrastructure, which included creating a new project on Google Cloud Platform, enabling necessary APIs, creating a service account, granting IAM roles, and creating a Kubernetes cluster to host the chatbot application.
Next, we created a program called Dialogflow to help the chatbot understand what you're saying when you talk about your money. We also created a new Dialogflow agent to handle the chatbot conversations and an Intent to handle user inputs.
Then, we built and deployed the chatbot application to the Kubernetes cluster using a tool called Cloud Build, which helps us automatically build and deploy our application code.
Overall, we created an infrastructure that allows us to run a personal finance chatbot application on Google Cloud Platform, using a combination of tools and services including Terraform, Dialogflow, Kubernetes, and Cloud Build.

SIMPLIFY:
Imagine you want to create a robot that can talk to you about your money. To do that, we need to create a special place for the robot to live in. We call this place a "cloud", and we use a special type of cloud called "Google Cloud Platform". It's like a big computer that we can use to store things and run programs.
To make the robot talk to you, we also need to create a special program called a "chatbot". The chatbot will help the robot understand what you're saying and answer your questions about your money. We use a tool called "Dialogflow" to create the chatbot.
Next, we need to make sure the robot and the chatbot can talk to each other. We create a special type of computer called a "Kubernetes cluster" to make sure the robot and the chatbot can talk to each other and work together.
Finally, we use a special tool called "Terraform" to help us create and manage all these things we just talked about. It's like a magic wand that helps us make sure everything is working together perfectly.
So in summary, we created a special place for a robot to live in called Google Cloud Platform, we created a program called Dialogflow to help the robot understand what you're saying, we created a special computer called a Kubernetes cluster to make sure everything works together, and we used a magic wand called Terraform to help us manage everything we created.
